Select text on SpinBox on double click (#6157)
slint-ui/slint: CHANGELOG.md

 - Do not trigger `current-item-changed` on `StandardListView` if `current-item` is set on the same value.
 - Fixed `TimePickerPopup` does not open minute view by click on selected hour.
 - Visually clamp the slider even if the value is out of bounds (#5770)

>  - Fixed select text in `SpinBox` on double click (#6104)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed text in `SpinBox` not being selected on double click (#6104)
```

 - Fixed `TimePickerPopup` does not open minute view by click on selected hour.
 - Visually clamp the slider even if the value is out of bounds (#5770)
 - Fixed button of Cupertino `ComboBox` not centered when height is bigger than default.
 - Fixed select text in `SpinBox` on double click (#6104)

>  - Fixed text in `SpinBox` not being selected on double click (#6104)

Reviewer 2: Why is this line twice?
